Trust is a promise.
When our clients and colleagues
put their data in our hands,
they trust us to protect that data;
to keep the private, private.
To have a say in
how their information is collected,
used, or disclosed.
To guard it from unwanted parties,
to follow laws
as well as company policy.
And when the time comes,
to dispose of it
so no one else can misuse it.
Our actions mean the difference
between total and safe data privacy…
And an unwanted marketing phone call
disturbing dinner…
Or junk mail clogging a mailbox…
Or personal information finding
its way into more dangerous hands.
We promise
to protect the privacy of
our clients and colleagues.
We promise
to follow our policies and laws.
When we uphold data privacy,
we protect ourselves, our company,
our colleagues, and our clients.